Add dynamic running state to node state machine (#929)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/dive_deep/state_machine.rst

#. :std:ref:`gen/pb-protodoc/flyteidl/core/workflow.proto:flyteidl.core.tasknode`
#. :std:ref:`gen/pb-protodoc/flyteidl/core/workflow.proto:flyteidl.core.branchnode`
#. :std:ref:`gen/pb-protodoc/flyteidl/core/workflow.proto:flyteidl.core.workflownode`

> #. Dynamic node - which is just a task node that does not return outputs, but futures. When a dynamic node is running the status trasitions to `DYNAMIC_RUNNING`.

Reviewer: i think we should explain what a dynamic node running means here.
How about,
```suggestion
#. Dynamic node - which is just a task node that does not return outputs, but a dynamic workflow. When the task runs, it stays in a `RUNNING` state. Once the task completes and Flyte starts executing the dynamic workflow, the overarching node that contains both the original task and the dynamic workflow enters `DYNAMIC_RUNNING` state.
```
